# shillbot5000## requirements- python 3.8- preferably linux or mac- twitter api credentials with Read & Write tweets privileges (this is a premium feature)Install dependencies:`pip install -r requirements.txt`Ensure directory where this code is cloned is writable## setup1. Create a file called ".env" - this will store credentials for the bot. Place this file in the same directory as shillbot5000.py2. Open .env for editing. Copy the contents below and paste it into the file.```PATH_TO_BOT=/home/user/path/to/bot/CONSUMER_KEY= CONSUMER_SECRET= ACCESS_TOKEN= ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=```3. Fill out the configuration. PATH_TO_BOT is the direct path to your shillbot.py instance. If cloning it to your home directory, the path would be /home/user/shillbot.py4. Consumer key, consumer secret, access token, and access token secret can all be retrieved from Twitter.5. Edit shillbot.py in a text editor like Notepad++. - Start at line 10- Two variables exist - queries and possible_replies. - Put search terms in queries, put replies in possible_replies. One per line. Use the same format defined in the script.- Save your changes.6. Set the script to run on a reasonable schedule - every 5 to 15 minutes is a sweet spot7. Sit back and relax as your bot auto-replies to everyone matching your search terms.## DisclaimerTwitter hates bots. It hates reply spam bots as well. I don't use this code myself and won't support it. Use at your own risk. I am not liable for what you do with this.